README.md, before:

## AUTHORS
Jason Brown and David Quisenberry
# Address-Book
Further practice on objects.  Places you've been app.
## Setup/Installation Requirements

* Copy repository link
*  - Clone this repository and then open 'index.html' in the browser.

## No known bugs exist

## Contact details

* Questions, comments, curiosities?

* Please feel free to contact me through Github or email located on my site.

## Technologies Used

* Other than HTML and CSS -
Bootstrap and Jquery files are included for additional styling and functionality.

### License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Jason Brown and David Quisenberry

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

add specs to readme and finish out the UI logic with info displaying on the right column

README.md, after:

## AUTHORS
Jason Brown and David Quisenberry
# Address-Book
Further practice on objects.  Places you've been app.
## Setup/Installation Requirements

* Copy repository link
*  - Clone this repository and then open 'index.html' in the browser.

## No known bugs exist

## Contact details

* Questions, comments, curiosities?

* Please feel free to contact me through Github or email located on my site.

## Technologies Used

* Other than HTML and CSS -
Bootstrap and Jquery files are included for additional styling and functionality.

## Specs
1. User inputs a trip and the trip is stored in a Place object
2. User sees a list of a single trip they entered in the form.
3. User sees a list of multiples trips they entered via the form
4. User clicks on a given trip from the list and sees the Place object details displayed in right column.

### License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Jason Brown and David Quisenberry

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
